It Hello everyone calm Yosuke is Na needle battle but this time in the line cured
Charger
I am doing with this I think this is cool I used the weapon-liter 3-inch
I would like charger ne ne really
It is difficult, just that one word
In particular, although I did have such Ya become so devoted it a little
It is difficult to pretty it that the is going to paint the US I hope shed
Anyway, I can not be the first place without learning the efficient sub- painting method .
weapon
The difficult truth
It is said that it will reach the farthest distance with the Ritter 3 type .
It seems to be a sniper rifle, but it runs away with the sub weapon that shakes it.
If you use people the charger to Jami It is better to grow listen to that sub-Weapon price movements
that
Now the survival rate was eye amounting to overwhelming
It is another bomb in was hit hidden spring of this rhubarb squid
It is victory
The Well from the sky this
There is here or is visible to the Hey from the left left processing like came flying
Fit shed come Yaori
House
It is wonderful, but I use the rice bone little boxer book, but it is true
When you want to paint the nearby I'm hard to paint sound yourself
I wonder if it 's a hyper and so I guess I can not think at all
Here are made the wearing in Hitto 2 hit
Many it was hit this this'm want to rely on this of ok
Deaf that I difficult fighting from around here
Really I'm also good out before I my appearance is that is serves as the guy
It is possible to go to the back with the view as far as the whole side of the area is painted .
Because you can not fight with so much file
We were fighting say it here Kizaki stamp in it Chiba this time this fight
That's a special move sensor
Super sensor is quite convenient
I thought it was subtle, but after all the wins are important, especially sniper
To survive it more than other weapons
It is easy to catch the price movement after all if you know the position of the enemy
I'm going to be
There is a thing that I do not understand step 1
I behind myself I really I'm also good at track and serves as
I would like to put black
Come on here is this rubber alone
I Goshobashi also eh
It that's nothing like fighting
Come on Hey another without hereabouts Hen time rush country
It can not be Maybe I was not painted in this Ne Bomb
This is efficiency good idea to hit me burn in side-by-side in the shooter
I wonder if the ink is too good
Come on , take this and rather clear
Now selling Te miffed Rutte is Hyeres, N'
You might say the best is from being appointed I wish defeat really wet not at all'm
I was able to win now
How is it
Yes Billy
The number of kills is 8 and it is 1 to live
Maa Maa
It may not be good, but a little has grown . It is still a day to start using the charger .
Let's meet again in the next video